Hello *, *,

I VAMSI KRISHNA GONUGUNTA, joined TM on 08-JUN-2020 with Employee id: 00685612, working for APCSOC project currently.

Initially I was terrified to come to vijayawada as it is CORONA HOT BED in Andhra Pradesh. I have tried my best to get work from home as it could atleast be safe to some extent as I fall into vulnerable people category. I would like to let you know that even though it doesn't affect on daily basis or not severe in GENERAL SCENARIO, i'm an ASTHMA Patient. But as I came to know through my manager, due to strict client's requirement, I had to physically present & work at Office. So I made my mind, shifted to Vijayawada somehow. I haven't even stayed in company provided hotel also because of the same corona fear. Currently I'm staying in vijayawada Commuting to fear gripped everyday to office from my room.

As you all know, situation becoming more worse. News about Overloaded Healthcare system, failure to effectively bring the situation into control, Corona treatment costs (Nearly 20 Lakhs??) , Negligible chances of vulnerable people making it alive if got infected - only making all my worries worsen. I tried to stay away from the news to stay calm but truth is truth. Situation out there is getting worsened day by day.

I have spoken about the same with Bharadwaj. He tried his best to calm me down & told me to present any historical reports to him so he can take it up with client. But unfortuantely I stopped visting doctors long back as i realized asthma can't be cured & can only be temporarily managed when it occurs, that too with same line of medication which I carry with me by default. Hence, I couldn't produce any historical medical records at this point of time. So, weighing pro's & con's in these times, I cannot risk my years of earnings & Worst case: my life in this situation. 

Coming to my working days vs Salary, I received Salary in June 2020 for my 23 working days (Settled). In July - 20 I worked (Extra hours) till date with just 1 day off per week (due to some extra activities We need to perform as L3 during saturdays)

Finally, I felt proud to be a part of techmahindra Family when i got the offer. I was even more happy when I realized my working location is vijayawada which is just 2 hours away from my home town. But considering present situation, I would like to go back to hometown to reduce the risk of exposure compared to vijaywada/any city for that matter. Please know that i wish to continue my association with TechMahindra, but consider it will be intact if i'm allowed to work from home. So, Requesting you to reach out to me only incase if you're willing to provide me WFH CONFIRMATION, else please consider my case as "unclear exit".